Lin Feng was tortured by Wu Yuefei,
I came to Haeju after causing a big fuss at the marriage proposal line.
His purpose was clear. At the airport, he took the initiative to find Xieyang and Zhou's father and son who had just returned to China, and took ten of them with him.
Billions of thoughtful contracts.
Lin Feng, what is the matter with you?
Just send it here, right,
Remember me, things that don’t depend on wind must be dealt with by fate.
Before you completely transcend the world of gods,
Don't trust anyone.
I know, Lin Feng, who are you?
This is a good question,
First, I have to understand something.
Then you know what I'm asking
I'll tell you when you get a chance
Please be careful not to get hurt
Want to have a drink